Add more content to triage guideline (#9)
mozilla-necko/necko-triage: README.md

  - P5 bugs (would take): https://mzl.la/2hdnQXy

Priorities
- P1 bugs (Blocker: get someone assigned ASAP: let all necko folks know (by email or slack) whenever we have a new P1 bug)
- P2 bugs (Active--we intend to work on these now or this quarter)

> - P3 bugs (backlog). P3 usually means no one will work on it, so we need to be careful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- P3 bugs (backlog). P3 usually means no one will work on it in the near future, so we need to be careful
```

Author: Will do. Thanks.

>   - One exception is that we can mark a bug as P3 and also make it block another meta bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - One exception is if we can mark a bug as P3 and also make it block another meta bug, such bugs may be resolved during a project or a focused cleanup, e.g. working on reducing fetch bugs.
```

- There is no P4--don't use it
  - This is used by bots.
- P5 bugs (would take)

Principles
- P1 bugs MUST have a person assigned
- Non-necko people can be assigned to necko bugs just fine

> - Bugs filed by wpt-bot are marked as P4 and not shown in the triage tool. If something is needed there, someone can ni? one of us

Reviewer: This will change as per our discussion yesterday. But you can change that in a follow-up PR.

- If you’re filing a bug you’ll be working on (or as part of a project you’re working on, even if you won’t be working directly on it), please triage appropriately, so as to not overload whoever is on triage that week :-D

Mark as triaged
- Set [necko-triaged] in the whiteboard for bugs that have been triaged.

> - If you know this bug belongs to another meta bug (e.g., QUIC, DoH, etc), remember to set it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you know this bug belongs to a certain feature (e.g., QUIC, DoH, etc), remember to make it block the corresponding meta bug(s).
```

- Set Priority and Severity:

>   - Severity only needs to be set when the bug type is `defect`. For other types, set to "N/A"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Severity only needs to be set when the bug type is `defect`. For other types, set the severity to "N/A"
```

- More details

>   - If it's an urgent bug: Set it to P1 and ni? the owner or the manager to find an assignee.

Reviewer: what you mean by the "owner"? the owner of a feature?

Author: Yes, the owner of the feature.
